hospitals in Gaza are under
attack they're being hit by air strikes
shells and
gunfire overcrowded with thousands of
victims of Israeli bombardment running
low on medine and
supplies and working in the
dark alifa Hospital the largest in Gaza
was hit on Thursday and
Friday dozens of patients let alone
victims were killed this is nothing but
tragic catastrophe we cannot find a
single bed to place victims on we cannot
even find and another word to
accommodate the victims people are dying
between our hands and we cannot do
anything at least 50 Palestinians have
been killed in an attack on the alak
School in Gaza City it had been
Sheltering internally displaced
families I was at school when it was
bombed and then I came to the hospital
there's no electricity or any other
medical treatment I've been injured in
my chest and leg but there's no
electricity so nothing has been done so
far inside the alud hospital power has
run out forcing doctors to operate in
the dark the Indonesian hospital has
stopped all Surgical operations as it
also has no
electricity we're working 24/7 and if we
take a rest it's a maximum of 2 hours
then we're back on duty because of the
increased aggression on Gaza but more
importantly there's a serious shortage
of medical supplies especially
anesthetics today we've run out of the
kind we use in emergency cases people
are dying in
corridors what can we do I'm not the
only one suffering we do not have a
place where to sleep this is destroying
us even the world war was not like
this more than 11,000 people have been
killed in Gaza in the past 5 weeks of
Israeli air strikes and
bombardments the Palestinian Health
Ministry now says it will start burying
people in a mass grave in alifa hospital
because it's impossible to go out and
give people proper burials diit medeno
Al
jaer make sure to Subs subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer